# IIS2-Module
IIS URL Rewrite 2.1 enables Web administrators to create powerful rules to implement URLs that are easier for users to remember and easier for search engines to find. By using rule templates, rewrite maps, .NET providers, and other functionality integrated into IIS Manager, Web administrators can easily set up rules to define URL rewriting behavior based on HTTP headers, HTTP response or request headers, IIS server variables, and even complex programmatic rules. In addition, Web administrators can perform redirects, send custom responses, or stop HTTP requests based on the logic expressed in the rewrite rules.


URL Rewrite allows Web administrators to easily build powerful rules using rewrite providers written in .NET, regular expression pattern matching, and wildcard mapping to examine information in both URLs and other HTTP headers and IIS server variables. Rules can be written to generate URLs that can be easier for users to remember, simple for search engines to index, and allow URLs to follow a consistent and canonical host name format. URL Rewrite further simplifies the rule creation process with support for content rewriting, rule templates, rewrite maps, rule validation, and import of existing mod_rewrite rules.

Easily replace Web application URLs to produce user and search engine friendly results
URL Rewrite permits Web administrators to easily replace the URLs generated by a Web application in the response HTML with a more user friendly and search engine friendly equivalent. Links can be modified in the HTML markup generated by a Web application behind a reverse proxy. URL Rewrite makes things easier for outbound response content and headers rewriting with outbound rewrite rules that work with HTTP request and response headers and with IIS server variables.

Seamless integration with existing IIS features that improve management, performance, and troubleshooting
URL Rewrite is tightly integrated with IIS Manager for better management. In addition, URL Rewrite supports both user-mode and kernel-mode caching for faster performance. URL Rewrite also supports Failed Request Tracing for enhanced troubleshooting of application logic execution.

Features
Rules-based URL rewriting engine
Rules-based response rewriting engine
Support for custom .NET rewrite providers
Regular expression pattern matching
Wildcard pattern matching
Global and distributed rewrite rules
Rewriting within the content of specific HTML tags
Pre-conditions for outbound rules
Access to server variables and HTTP headers
Rewriting of server variables and HTTP request headers
Rewriting of HTTP response headers
Allow list for server variables
HtmlEncode function
Built-in rule templates
Reverse proxy rule template
Rule templates for Search Engine Optimization
Various rule actions including redirect and request abort
Tracking capture groups across rule conditions
Logging of rewritten URLs
Updated user interface in IIS Manager
Integrated user interface for managing rewrite rules and rewrite maps
Integrated user interface for importing of Apache mod_rewrite rules
Integrated user interface for testing regular expression and wildcard patterns
Support for IIS kernel-mode and user-mode output caching
Lowercase conversion function
Rewrite maps to generate the substitution URL during rewriting
Failed Request Tracing support


LOCALHOST // CONFIG file
EXTERNAL // CONFIG file
